CASMTRIAGE-7099-1.5 port of CSM 1.4 full system power off/on procedures to CSM 1.5 (#5442)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/power_management/System_Power_Off_Procedures.md

To shut down compute nodes and User Access Nodes \(UANs\), refer to [Shut Down and Power Off Compute and User Access Nodes](Shut_Down_and_Power_Off_Compute_and_User_Access_Nodes.md).

## Power Off the External File Systems

> To power off the external Lustre file system (ClusterStor), refer to [Power Off the External Lustre File System](Power_Off_the_External_Lustre_File_System.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To power off the external Lustre file system (ClusterStor), see the [Power Off the External Lustre File System](Power_Off_the_External_Lustre_File_System.md) procedure.
```

Author: The "refer to X" versus "see the X procedure" issue happens 8 times in this file and 265 times overall in docs-csm 1.5 and 255 times in docs-csm 1.6.  

I will not change this pattern in a single instance due to this ticket.  If you wish this changed in docs-csm, please open a separate ticket to address this change in all of the topic files.  @nrockershousen
